TURN OFF DEBUG MODE BEFORE SUBMIT!!!!!!

Testing section in readme

validate css html js and python in readme

add materialize under deployment on readme
 

issues add to readme:
centering a form input element - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54728464/how-to-center-text-inputs-using-materialize-css
displaying current page as custom text under page heading - fixed by writing a loop to check if the page name and inster an h3 depending on page name. add screenshot. 
label text overlapping on the firs label and not on each new label - figure this out!
werkzuig couldnt build the template for edit_recipe.html - working with michael from CI tutor support we found the problem was a jinja if statement on the base .html - try get this working again. 
Couldnt fetch the name attribute on login - login method only inserted user attribute into cookies so when the user was creating a recipie it was insterting null into created by field. fixed by adding the name field into cookie upon login
Couldnt make the search function work - Tutor support Kevin assisted me in fixing this by adding the propper form action to my search bar as well as using request.args.get("query") instead of request.form.get("query") 
integrating cloudinary api - after upload from widget the image url will be passed to the hidden input on the form and then gets written by the back end and saved to the db.
add edit recipie functionality - need to have the data from the recipe im editing already filled in, find a way to show multiple steps/ingredients that were filled in previously, fixed with for loop and using loop index to number ingredient and steps.
recipe sorting list as 25 5 etc - fixed by storing cook time as integer rather than string
underline color of materialize inputs - had to look at the materializw rules targeting these items and had to use !important as I could not create a specific enough rule. 
pagination not getting propper offset - fixed by using offset = offset = (page - 1) * 3
autofill background color is white in search and some form elements - comment this in readme and say couldnt find solution. 
When editing recipe if you click add ingredient or step it adds another ingredient 2/3/4 field instead of the next one
Possible unbalanced tuple unpacking with sequence defined at line 237 of flask_paginate: - no idea how to fix this, tutor support couldnt help